Instagram's biggest new update reels
topics as of November 1st 2022 rails
topics are not an officially released
feature but they likely will be soon
riel's topics is going to be a new
setting that you're going to be able to
select from right before posting your
reel so when you're on the screen it
allows you to add your caption you're
not going to be able to select topics
for your reel and these topics are
essentially going to be categories that
your real can fit into during the
initial testing phase of reels topics
Instagram allowed us to choose up to
three topics per reel and the topics to
choose from are pre-made by Instagram
you don't get to customize them you
don't get to come up with your own you
have to choose from the options given I
believe that reels topics are going to
be a huge piece of the phasing out of
hashtags I've been talking about it for
the last few years but hashtags have
become increasingly less effective less
reliable and they're just not
necessarily a great way to get views or
engagement on your posts like they used
to be and a big part of that is because
Instagram is improving their search
engine optimization regardless of the
hashtags that you've used with this in
mind though reels topics are going to be
a way to directly tell the algorithm
what your reel is about so my best tip
for your reels topics is to select
topics that really apply to your reel
rather than just picking the categories
at random or because something seems
popular because it seems like it kind of
fits I would recommend only choosing
topics that explicitly apply to your
video if you can use all three that's
the best case scenario but don't force
yourself to use a third topic if it
doesn't necessarily apply to the content
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to press the thumbs up if you
like this video And subscribe for more
content about growing on social media
and making money online